Standard data use agreement 
This is the standard agreement for items uploaded to this archive, note that the data use agreement for individual data sets may deviate from this standard agreement, so you should be sure to check each data set for any specific data use requirements.

Permission to use published datasets will be granted free of charge subject to the terms listed in the dataset entry within this repository. Each dataset entry should specify data use agreements using the following terms: 
a) Acceptable use. Use of the dataset will be restricted to academic, research, educational, government, recreational, or other not-for-profit professional purposes. The Data User is permitted to produce and distribute derived works from the Datasets provided that they are released under the same license terms as those accompanying the Datasets. Any other uses for the Datasets or derived products will require explicit permission from the Dataset Creator. 
b) Redistribution. The data are provided for use by the Data User. The metadata and this license must accompany all copies made and be available to all users of the Datasets. The Data User will not redistribute the original Datasets beyond this collaboration sphere. 
c) Citation. It is considered a matter of professional ethics to acknowledge the work of other scientists. Thus, the Data User will properly cite the Datasets in any publications or in the metadata of any derived data products that were produced using the Datasets. Citation should take the following general form: Creator, Year of Data Publication, Title of Dataset, Publisher, Dataset web location and access date.  
d) Acknowledgement. The Data User should acknowledge the Rhododendron Research Network and any institutional support or specific funding awards supporting the data collection referenced in the metadata accompanying the Datasets, in any publications where the Datasets contributed significantly to its content. 
e) Notification. The Data User will notify the Dataset Contact when any derivative work or publication based on or derived from the Dataset is distributed. The Data User will provide the data contact with copies of any publications resulting from use of the Dataset and will provide copies, or online access to, any derived digital products. Notification will include an explanation of how the Dataset was used to produce the derived work.  
f) Collaboration. The Datasets have been released in the spirit of open scientific collaboration. Data Users are thus strongly encouraged to consider consultation, collaboration and/or co-authorship with the Dataset Creators. 
